feat: add chrome extension intro and usage to docs (#78)
open-sauced/docs.opensauced.pizza: docs/chrome-extension/introduction-to-the-chrome-extension.md

---
id: introduction-to-the-chrome-extension
title: Introduction to the Chrome Extension
sidebar_label: Introduction to the Chrome Extension
keywords:
  - introduction to the chrome extension
---

## The OpenSauced Chrome Extension

The OpenSauced Chrome extension seamlessly integrates GitHub with the OpenSauced platform. With this extension, you can easily view and discover open-source projects looking for contributions directly from GitHub, making collaboration and contribution easier than ever.

## Installing the Chrome Extension

> To install the OpenSauced Chrome extension, navigate to the [Chrome Web Store](https://example.com) and click the "Add to Chrome" button.

Author: TBD?

Reviewer: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/opensauced/aebjdjjodmkdnmejakflnfpkadblfmdh

> To install the OpenSauced Chrome extension, navigate to the [Chrome Web Store](https://example.com) and click the "Add to Chrome" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the OpenSauced Chrome extension, navigate to the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/opensauced/aebjdjjodmkdnmejakflnfpkadblfmdh) and click the "Add to Chrome" button.
```
